hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the dogtooth 2009 film
at the start of the film we see a
strange family
there was a couple and their three kids
in that family
they had one boy and two girls in the
starting we see these siblings together
this was a strange family they have
strict rules
i will tell you moving further the first
rule is that they can't go outside of
their home
they also don't know about the outside
world the house in which they were
living was their world
they think that there was nothing
outside they were trained like this they
think that this is everything
they eat play study they do everything
in this house
they have made the walls of their house
so tall that none can see in their house
even they can't see outside
their parents have brought them up
strictly they have made a lot of rules
that how to eat how to walk and nothing
will be done without their permission
even they teach their kids themselves
even they also don't know that there is
another animal except for a cat in this
world
because the only animal which visits
their house was a cat
and their parents told them that this
animal is dangerous
they were treated like kids and they
passed their time while playing with the
toys
even they don't know about the relations
that's why their brains didn't grow
that couple wasn't frank with their kids
it's obvious among those kids there were
two sisters they can talk to each other
but that kid means that boy was alone
and he can't share his feelings
he always used to stay sad and boring
because he wasn't frank with his father
his father also knew this in the next
scene we see that his father was running
a factory
he was the owner of the factory he goes
to his factory and meets a security
guard there
he covers the security guard's eyes with
a blindfold
he makes her sit in his car and takes
her to his home
he out the blindfold so that she can't
seem that way to his home
in fact this man usually takes that
security guard to his home
because she was a good friend of his son
the two sisters were also her friend
then we that security guard comes to the
elder sister among those sisters
that elder daughter starts talking with
that security guard
she says that your hairband is beautiful
and she tells that i also had a hairband
but my sister took that from me in
return for her socks
this means here we come to know that
these kids also don't know about money
they were in the old system that things
in return for things
these parents were bringing them up
under pressure then we see that the
security guard comes outside to their
family
that man was about to take a picture of
their family
he seemed strange to the security guard
because she knew that family was insane
that family was strange but she only
wants money
their father gives her money then we see
that the security guard returns
she returns as she came there while
putting the blindfold on her eyes
when she leaves they start playing
together they were playing like kids
after playing the whole day they come to
the dinner table
they were having food meanwhile we come
to know one more thing that their
parents have made one more thing
a kind of competition the kid who will
obey them will give that kid a sticker
the kid who will have more stickers will
be the good kid
among those kids the boy was having more
stickers
so they decide that we will obey the
child who has the most stickers today
means what they want to do for enjoyment
their brother says that we will watch
tv then they sit to watch the tv
now the thing you will see it will make
you laugh you will be shocked after
seeing that there was their own house
recording on the tv
which they were enjoying while watching
because their father has kept them
separate from the outer world
even he wasn't showing the tv to avoid
the thought of the outer world
the kids were also happy in it then we
see that the lady among that couple was
calling someone
we also come to know that they also had
phones at their home
but only parents can use it those phones
were placed in the cupboard while hiding
them from the kids
these kids were told that there was one
more brother of yours
but he didn't obey us and he went out of
the house
and we don't know till today that where
is he we know that he is in huge trouble
hearing it those kids were scared they
don't think to go outside the house
while considering this as truth
then we see that kid means their brother
who was washing the car of his father
after washing the car he comes to his
garden he starts talking with the
flowers and bushes and starts throwing
stones at them
means this was his enjoyment then
suddenly he throws stones hardly
his parents see him while doing this
when they ask he says that i am throwing
stones to harm those persons who are
teasing my elder brother
but his parents give him punishment for
doing this
he can't throw anything of his house in
the outside world
then we see that their father was going
to the factory
everyone seeing him leaving then we see
the father who was thinking in his
factory that i will buy a dog
then he goes to buy a dog but the owner
of that place tells him that i can't
give you the dog right now
because its training is still left then
we come to know that their father told
them that when the dogtooth
this means the sharp teeth in your mouth
will break on that day you can go
outside
then we see while returning their father
again brings that security guard
she comes to their home spends time and
is always goes to the elder sister
this means she goes to the elder
daughter like always
she asks her that will you be my friend
i will give you the hairband in return
then the elder daughter says yes why not
but the security guard says not like
this
you have to lick my body in return
because she was also a strange girl
after it she gives her the hairband now
the elder sister has the hairband
she says her younger sister to lick my
shoulder and i will give you the
hairband
and she does the same then we see that
the kids were laying in the garden
outside
the airplane was flying in the sky but
they don't know that there are humans in
that airplane
they consider it is a toy or a bird that
is flying in the sky
even their parents also throw a toy in
the garden secretly
to show them that the airplane is fallen
here this means they
also don't know that when the thing is
far it will look small
they think that it's a toy and they
start playing with it
one day while playing that girl snatches
that airplane toy from her brother and
throws it outside
but when that kid sees that the airplane
toy is thrown outside the house he does
not goes outside
because his father will scold him when
his father comes home he tells his
father everything
he asks his father to take that toy from
outside
then his father sits in his car and goes
outside the house and gives him the toy
even the toy wasn't fallen far he can go
while walking
but they have told their kids that if
you will place your foot on the ground
outside you will die
then one day we see that the son of that
couple was playing in the garden
he sees the cat seeing it those sisters
get scared and he also gets scared
then he brings big scissors to kill that
cat
somehow hardly he attacks that cat and
kills it
seeing it his sisters start shouting
because they were frightened and their
brother had killed the cat
the next day we see the father of those
kids he comes inside the house while
tearing his clothes himself and he puts
the fake blood on his clothes
he says to the kids look the cat
attacked me because he knew that the
kids have killed the cat
they haven't any issue with the death of
a cat but they want to make their kids
scared of the cat always
he says that the cat had killed your
elder brother and somehow i escaped my
life
they gathered them in the garden he says
that if you want to escape from a cat
you have to act like a dog
you have to bark like a dog he asks them
to bark like it
they do the same then we see that they
were sitting in a lounge
they come to know that their two more
siblings are arriving
their father tells them one more thing
he tells them that your one more brother
is coming and that is a dog
those kids were playing and swimming
meanwhile
their father throws a fish in that pool
he says to them see the fishes are born
today in the pool the kids think that
fish is born like this
they don't know about any sea or river
their father was strange
whenever he brings the grocery items at
home he takes off all tags from all the
things
so that the kids can't see the address
and they will not know that someone
outside is the maker of these things
now we see that security guard again
visits their house
their elder daughter starts talking to
her after meeting her his elder daughter
thinking that this security guard also
comes from outside
there is something in the outside world
she was in suspense
she asks the security guard can you give
me some cds of outside i want to see
but security says that watch it when you
are alone
so that nobody will know now that elder
daughter starts watching the cds
she has seen something else except her
home for the very first time in her life
she feels good while seeing it those
siblings were again playing in the
swimming pool
elder daughter comes and says that
father tells us that the cat is the
dangerous animal of this world
but it is not true the dangerous animal
in the world is a shark which lives in
the water
their father also feels these all things
that there are some changes in their
elder daughter
he calls her elder daughter tells him
everything
that i have seen cds hearing it he gets
aggressive
he begins to beat his elder daughter
with those cds
he beats her hardly at the same time he
goes to the factory and starts beating
that security guard
i didn't call you at my home to tell
everything to my daughter
due to it the security guard feels sad
she didn't go there home her father also
wants this that she can't come to our
home
but we see that in the house the elder
daughter was still changing
her thinking was increasing that there
is something outside
she wants to know the world but she was
still believing in her father's saying
that she can't go outside till she had
the dog tooth
so she plans to break her dog tooth at
night
she goes to the washroom and breaks her
dog tooth while hitting hardly
due to it her mouth starts bleeding but
now her dog tooth was broken
then she goes near her father's car at
night she hides at the backside of the
car
so that when in the morning her father
will go to the factory she will also go
with him secretly
in the last scene we only see that car
standing
maybe when her father gone outside
during this she also came outside the
car
maybe she hides in the world so that her
father couldn't see her
and she could see the outer world with
it this movie ends
thank you for watching